Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

I think I saw the power of funcitons most prevelent in our scene.py 
assignement. In this assignment, I utilized specific funcations that each
had a specfic task it would preform. After creating a specific task to
preform, I'll I had to do was pass through cordinates and the function 
would take care of the rest. This meant I could draw multiple objects in
different places without the need to create a new block of code everytime
I wanted to draw objects in deifferent places.

2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

Test functions are tricky and sometimes feel tetious to write. However, I
think test functions are very valuable because they help you to make sure
each block of code runs properly depending on many different circumstances.
The test code can then pinpoint the specific error and help you to better
fix it. I think test code would be especially usefull in larger coding
projects because it would allow you to catch errors and fix them quicker
than if test code had not been written.


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

I often troubleshoot code by running it or running test code. If errors
appear during this testing phase, then I try to read the error and see if
I know how to fix it off the top of my mind. If I cannot identify the
error initailly, then I usually google the error and see if anyone has
posted a solution. Sometimes, I go deeper using the debug feature to see
exactly what the computer is doing. One thing I think I could do to
improve my troubleshooting and fixing process is to write test code 
alongside each function as I go. I also think I should use the debug
feature more often and from the begining because sometimes I wait until
later and I could've understood the issue sooner. Finally, writing
exception statements may help me to pinpoint errors quicker. I definently
need more practice though.